---
description: SQL table schema for eth.beacon.slots and eth.beacon.recent_slots
---

# eth.beacon.slots

Ethereum Beacon table contains data about each slot in the Beacon Chain. More [details](https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/blocks/#block-anatomy).

<table><thead><tr><th width="293">Column Name</th><th>Data Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>block_slot</code></td><td>DOUBLE</td><td>Index of slot </td></tr><tr><td><code>block_epoch</code></td><td>DOUBLE</td><td>The epoch in which the slot belongs.</td></tr><tr><td><code>block_timestamp</code></td><td>BIGINT</td><td>The timestamp of the block that was produced in the slot.</td></tr><tr><td><code>proposer_index</code></td><td>DOUBLE</td><td>The index of the validator that proposed the block that was produced in the slot.</td></tr><tr><td><code>skipped</code></td><td>BOOLEAN</td><td>A boolean value indicating whether the slot was skipped.</td></tr><tr><td><code>block_root</code></td><td>CHARACTER VARYING</td><td>The root hash of the block that was produced in the slot.</td></tr><tr><td><code>parent_root</code></td><td>CHARACTER VARYING</td><td>The root hash of the parent block of the block that was produced in the slot.</td></tr><tr><td><code>state_root</code></td><td>CHARACTER VARYING</td><td>The root hash of the state tree after the block that was produced in the slot was processed.</td></tr><tr><td><code>randao_reveal</code></td><td>CHARACTER VARYING</td><td>The RANDAO reveal of the validator that proposed the block that was produced in the slot.</td></tr><tr><td><code>graffiti</code></td><td>CHARACTER VARYING</td><td>An optional field that can be used to add a message to the block</td></tr><tr><td><code>eth1_block_hash</code></td><td>CHARACTER VARYING</td><td>Hash of the ETH block containing the deposit contract</td></tr><tr><td><code>eth1_deposit_root</code></td><td>CHARACTER VARYING</td><td>The root hash of the deposits made to the beacon chain in the slot.</td></tr><tr><td><code>eth1_deposit_count</code></td><td>DOUBLE</td><td>The number of deposits that were made to the Beacon Chain in the slot.</td></tr><tr><td><code>signature</code></td><td>CHARACTER VARYING</td><td>Signature of produced block</td></tr><tr><td><code>attestations_count</code></td><td>DOUBLE</td><td>Number of attestations for the selected block</td></tr><tr><td><code>deposits_count</code></td><td>DOUBLE</td><td>Count of deposits include d in the proposed block</td></tr><tr><td><code>proposer_slashings_count</code></td><td>DOUBLE</td><td>Count of proposer slashings in the proposed block</td></tr><tr><td><code>attester_slashings_count</code></td><td>DOUBLE</td><td>Count of attester slashings in the proposed block</td></tr><tr><td><code>voluntary_exits_count</code></td><td>DOUBLE</td><td>Count of validators exiting the network</td></tr><tr><td><code>sync_aggregate_sync_committee_bits</code></td><td>CHARACTER VARYING</td><td>Sync aggregate sync committee bits included in the proposed block.</td></tr><tr><td><code>sync_aggregate_sync_committee_signature</code></td><td>CHARACTER VARYING</td><td>Sync aggregate sync committee signature included in the proposed block.</td></tr><tr><td><code>execution_payload_block_number</code></td><td>DOUBLE</td><td>Block number in the execution layer where the execution payload was included.</td></tr><tr><td><code>execution_payload_block_hash</code></td><td>CHARACTER VARYING</td><td>Block hash in the execution layer where the execution payload was included.</td></tr><tr><td><code>bls_to_execution_changes_count</code></td><td>DOUBLE</td><td>Count of BLS to execution changes in the proposed block.</td></tr><tr><td><code>withdrawals_count</code></td><td>DOUBLE</td><td>Count of withdrawals included in the proposed block</td></tr></tbody></table>
