# Conversion

<table><thead><tr><th width="254">Function Name</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><a href="binary_string.md">BINARY_STRING</a></td><td>Converts the input expression to a binary value.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="cast.md">CAST</a></td><td>Converts a value of one data type to another data type. This function behaves similarly to the TO_&#x3C;data_type> (i.e. TO_TIMESTAMP) functions.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="convert_from.md">CONVERT_FROM</a></td><td>Converts a binary string from the given data type to a Spice type.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="convert_replaceutf8.md">CONVERT_REPLACEUTF8</a></td><td>Converts a binary string to a UTF-8 value and replaces all characters that cannot be converted to UTF-8 with the specified replacement character.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="convert_timezone.md">CONVERT_TIMEZONE</a></td><td>Convert timestamp to the specified timezone.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="convert_to.md">CONVERT_TO</a></td><td>Converts a value to a binary string of a supported data type.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="flatten.md">FLATTEN</a></td><td>Explodes compound values into multiple rows. This function takes a LIST column and produces a lateral view (that is, an inline view that contains correlation referring to other tables that precede it in the FROM clause).</td></tr><tr><td><a href="from_hex.md">FROM_HEX</a></td><td>Returns a binary value for the given hexadecimal string.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="hash.md">HASH</a></td><td>Returns a hash value of the arguments. HASH does not return NULL, even for NULL inputs.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="../string/hex.md">HEX</a></td><td>Returns the hexadecimal encoding of an expression.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="toascii.md">TOASCII</a></td><td>Converts a string that is encoded in the specified character set to UTF-8.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="to_char.md">TO_CHAR</a></td><td>Converts the input expression to a character/string using the specified format.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="to_date.md">TO_DATE</a></td><td>Converts the input expressions to the corresponding date.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="to_hex.md">TO_HEX</a></td><td>Returns a hexadecimal string for the given binary value.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="to_number.md">TO_NUMBER</a></td><td>Converts a string into a number (double) in the specified format.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="../date-time/to_time.md">TO_TIME</a></td><td>Converts the input expressions to the corresponding time.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="to_timestamp.md">TO_TIMESTAMP</a></td><td>Converts the input expressions to the corresponding timestamp.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="../binary/unhex.md">UNHEX</a></td><td>Converts the hexadecimal number into the bytes represented by a number.</td></tr></tbody></table>



