# Math

<table><thead><tr><th width="201">Function Name</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><a href="abs.md">ABS</a></td><td>Computes the absolute value of a numeric expression.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="acos.md">ACOS</a></td><td>Computes the arccosine (inverse cosine) of a value in radians.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="asin.md">ASIN</a></td><td>Computes the arcsine (inverse sine) of a value in radians.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="atan.md">ATAN</a></td><td>Computes the Arctangent (inverse tangent) of a value.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="cbrt.md">CBRT</a></td><td>Computes the cube root of a numeric expression.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="ceiling.md">CEILING</a></td><td>Returns the nearest equal or larger value of the input expression. Can also be called using CEIL().</td></tr><tr><td><a href="cos.md">COS</a></td><td>Computes the cosine of a value in radians.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="cosh.md">COSH</a></td><td>Computes the hyperbolic cosine of a value in radians.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="cot.md">COT</a></td><td>Computes the cotangent of a value in radians.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="degrees.md">DEGREES</a></td><td>Converts radians to degrees.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="e.md">E</a></td><td>Returns Euler’s number, a constant approximately equal to 2.718281828459045.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="exp.md">EXP</a></td><td>Calculates Euler’s number, e, raised to the power of the specified value.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="floor.md">FLOOR</a></td><td>Returns the value from the specified expression rounded to the nearest equal or smaller integer.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="log.md">LOG</a></td><td>Returns the logarithm of the numeric input expression. If no base is specified, the natural log (ln) will be calculated.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="log10.md">LOG10</a></td><td>Returns the log base 10 of the numeric input expression.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="mod.md">MOD</a></td><td>Returns the remainder of the input expression divided by the second input expression.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="pi.md">PI</a></td><td>Returns the value of pi, which is approximately 3.14592654.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="power.md">POWER</a></td><td>Returns the result of raising the input value to the specified power.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="radians.md">RADIANS</a></td><td>Convert a value in degrees to radians.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="round.md">ROUND</a></td><td>Returns the rounded value for the inputted value. If no scale is specified, the closest whole number is returned.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="sign.md">SIGN</a></td><td>Returns the sign of the input expression.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="sin.md">SIN</a></td><td>Computes the sine of a value.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="sinh.md">SINH</a></td><td>Computes the hyperbolic sine of the input expression.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="sqrt.md">SQRT</a></td><td>Returns the square root of the non-negative numeric expression.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="../aggregate/stddev.md">STDDEV</a></td><td>Returns the standard deviation of non-NULL values in a column with a numeric data type. If all records inside a group are NULL, returns NULL.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="../aggregate/stddev_pop.md">STDDEV_POP</a></td><td>Returns the population standard deviation (square root of variance) of non-NULL values in a column with a numeric data type. If all records inside a group are NULL, returns NULL.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="../aggregate/stddev_samp.md">STDDEV_SAMP</a></td><td>Returns the sample standard deviation (square root of sample variance) of non-NULL values in a column with a numeric data type. If all records inside a group are NULL, returns NULL.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="tan.md">TAN</a></td><td>Computes the tangent of a value in radians.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="tanh.md">TANH</a></td><td>Computes the hyperbolic tangent of the input expression.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="truncate.md">TRUNCATE</a></td><td>Rounds the input expression down the nearest of equal integer depending on the specified number of places before or after the decimal point.</td></tr></tbody></table>
