---
description: SQL table schema for eth.asset_transfers and eth.recent_asset_transfers
---

# eth.asset\_transfers

Asset Transfers represent exchanges of value between accounts. Logically this table is a combination of `eth.transactions`, `eth.token_transfers` and `eth.traces` indexed on `from_address` and `to_address` to make it easy to look up all transfers for an account.

There are 5 categories of transfers included in `eth.asset_transfers`:

<table><thead><tr><th width="213">Category</th><th width="301">Description</th><th>Base Table</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>external</code></td><td>Top level transactions initiated by an <a href="https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/accounts/">externally owned account (EOA)</a></td><td><code>eth.transactions</code></td></tr><tr><td><code>internal</code></td><td>Internal transfers involve an internal smart contract address, either interacting with another smart contract or an external address.</td><td><code>eth.traces</code></td></tr><tr><td><code>erc20</code></td><td>Token transfers for ERC20 tokens</td><td><code>eth.token_transfers_erc20</code></td></tr><tr><td><code>erc721</code></td><td>Token transfers for ERC721 tokens</td><td><code>eth.token_transfers_erc721</code></td></tr><tr><td><code>erc1155</code></td><td>Token transfers for ERC1155 tokens</td><td><code>eth.token_transfers_erc1155</code></td></tr></tbody></table>

<table><thead><tr><th width="201">Column Name</th><th width="224">Data Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>symbol</code></td><td>CHARACTER VARYING</td><td>The friendly name of asset being transferred, if it exists</td></tr><tr><td><code>from_address</code></td><td>CHARACTER VARYING</td><td>The address the transfer was sent from</td></tr><tr><td><code>to_address</code></td><td>CHARACTER VARYING</td><td>The address the transfer was sent to</td></tr><tr><td><code>amount</code></td><td>DECIMAL</td><td>The amount of the transfer, scaled by the decimals of the asset. (i.e. ETH for ETH)</td></tr><tr><td><code>value</code></td><td>CHARACTER VARYING</td><td>The unscaled raw transfer value in its decimal representation. (i.e. wei for ETH)</td></tr><tr><td><code>value_hex</code></td><td>CHARACTER VARYING</td><td>The same as <code>value</code> but in its hex representation.</td></tr><tr><td><code>decimals</code></td><td>INTEGER</td><td>The number of decimals that <code>amount</code> is scaled by.</td></tr><tr><td><code>category</code></td><td>CHARACTER VARYING</td><td>One of the 5 categories explained above.</td></tr><tr><td><code>id</code></td><td>CHARACTER VARYING</td><td>A unique identifier for this asset transfer.</td></tr><tr><td><code>contract_address</code></td><td>CHARACTER VARYING</td><td>Only populated for token transfers (i.e. <code>erc20</code>) - denotes the smart contract of the token.</td></tr><tr><td><code>transaction_hash</code></td><td>CHARACTER VARYING</td><td>The hash of the transaction this transfer took place in.</td></tr><tr><td><code>block_timestamp</code></td><td>BIGINT</td><td>Unix timestamp of the block the transaction was included in</td></tr><tr><td><code>block_number</code></td><td>BIGINT</td><td>The block height of the block the transaction was included in</td></tr><tr><td><code>block_hash</code></td><td>CHARACTER VARYING</td><td>The hash of the block the transaction was included in</td></tr></tbody></table>
